The Heavenly Doulong Shuai you mentioned is me
Hahahahaha
It seems that I have hit you too hard.
Makes your brain go crazy
Believe it or not
It's all true.
You think I'm as stupid as you are
If you are handsome
Then do I need Mr. Zhou's bed?
I'll tell you what.
You can't give it to me.
Zhou Gongzi can easily give it
In a few days, my Sun Yani will be the general's wife
What do you mean?
On the Heaven Dou Skylark three days later
Our Zhou Gongzi will be promoted to General Protector
That's a height you'll never reach
So don't pester me again
I'm afraid of getting bad luck
Dirty trash is people who are thrown away at will.
As for your wife
I will take good care of you
Sun Yani
Don't even want this kind of unscrupulous broken shoes
Marriage is divorced
But Xuan Xuan's custody must belong to me
What are you talking about in your sleep?
You are a waste who has been eating and drinking for three years in the Sun family
Falling flocculent
You leave the Sun family and even eat is a problem
What do you feed my precious granddaughter with?
What's more, Xuan Xuan is not your child at all
Pardon me?